docs/md/guides/governance.md, before:

![](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/1/1f/Icon_DINA_Schwerpunkte_Parldigi_03_Open_Government_Data_Farbig.svg/200px-Icon_DINA_Schwerpunkte_Parldigi_03_Open_Government_Data_Farbig.svg.png)

# governance

## Code of Conduct

### [in general](https://opensource.guide/code-of-conduct/)

### [on contributor level](https://github.com/baloise/open-source/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md#our-pledge)

### [within corporate compliance](https://www.baloise.com/en/home/about-us/corporate-governance.html)

As a general rule, it is the responsibility of each individual employee to ensure his or her behaviour is in keeping with legal and ethical principles. To provide basic behavioural guidelines, the Baloise Group has developed a Code of Conduct (available in [English](https://www.baloise.com/dam/jcr:61f34c11-bcb8-4e44-b648-b80ede1d101f/code-of-conduct-baloise-english.pdf) and [Deutsch](https://www.baloise.com/dam/jcr:aad6ef59-b2f2-4c44-901d-b2247b07fb8e/code-of-conduct-baloise-deutsch.pdf)) containing essential ethical and legal rules.

## Contributor License Agreement (CLA)

[CLA](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Contributor_License_Agreement)s are often asked for when participating in larger communities.

### CLAs

### signed on corporate level

### signing new ones
#### as an individual
#### on corporate level

Commit message:

Add reference to open source guideline draft

docs/md/guides/governance.md, after:

![](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/1/1f/Icon_DINA_Schwerpunkte_Parldigi_03_Open_Government_Data_Farbig.svg/200px-Icon_DINA_Schwerpunkte_Parldigi_03_Open_Government_Data_Farbig.svg.png)

# governance

## DRAFT of our [Open Source Guidelines](https://baloise.github.io/open-source/docs/arc42/)

## Our Code of Conduct

### [in general](https://opensource.guide/code-of-conduct/)

### [on contributor level](https://github.com/baloise/open-source/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md#our-pledge)

### [within corporate compliance](https://www.baloise.com/en/home/about-us/corporate-governance.html)

As a general rule, it is the responsibility of each individual employee to ensure his or her behaviour is in keeping with legal and ethical principles. To provide basic behavioural guidelines, the Baloise Group has developed a Code of Conduct (available in [English](https://www.baloise.com/dam/jcr:61f34c11-bcb8-4e44-b648-b80ede1d101f/code-of-conduct-baloise-english.pdf) and [Deutsch](https://www.baloise.com/dam/jcr:aad6ef59-b2f2-4c44-901d-b2247b07fb8e/code-of-conduct-baloise-deutsch.pdf)) containing essential ethical and legal rules.

## Contributor License Agreement (CLA)

[CLA](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Contributor_License_Agreement)s are often asked for when participating in larger communities.

### CLAs

### signed on corporate level

### signing new ones
#### as an individual
#### on corporate level

## Contributor Agreement
